Add new manual for ServiceChain (#398)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/service-chain/getting-started/ha-for-sc.md

> If only a pair of bridges is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains work normally through the other bridge.

Reviewer: Excuse my ignorance but a pair of bridges means two bridges?? @nohkwak

Author: Yes. The two bridges form a pair. But the sentence seems wrong in the context.
I will edit "If only one bridge is used, ... "

> If only a pair of bridges is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains work normally through the other bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If only a pair of bridges is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build a HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains can still work normally through the other bridge.
```

Reviewer 2: @terrikwak Isn't it 'an HA'? 'H' is pronounced something like 'eitsh'?
https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/a-an-ha-epitope-abbreviation.236938/

Author: I will add "can still" and commit again after hearing terri's answer for "a" or "an".

Reviewer: so it's pronounced as the alphabets right? then an is right  :)) Sorry for the late answer.. I got lost in the PRs..

Reviewer 2: HA pronounces something like "eitch ei"

Author: I pushed commit.

> If only a pair of bridges are used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains work normally through the other bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If only a pair of bridges is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains work normally through the other bridge.
```

![](../images/sc-ha-arch.png)

## Prerequisites <a id="prerequisites"></a>

>  - The main bridge of EN node and the subbridge pair of SCN node are connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The main bridge of EN node and the subbridge pair of SCN node are connected. If it's not, please refer to []()
```

Please add something like this so that users can jump to the appropriate document.

>  - The main bridge of EN node and the subbridge pair of SCN node are connected. If it's not, please refer to [Baobab connection](./en-scn-connection.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The main bridge of the EN node and the subbridge pair of the SCN node are connected. If it's not, please refer to [Baobab connection](./en-scn-connection.md)
```

>  - This section describes how to add a bridge between Baobab and ServiceChain L2. In the same way, you can also set up HA by adding a bridge even between ServiceChains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - This section describes how to add a bridge between Baobab and a ServiceChain. In the same way, you can also set up HA by adding another bridge.
```
> even between ServiceChains.

This is another context. If you want to add that message, please add another bullet here.

> ## Step 1: Add bridge between EN-SCN <a id="step-1-add-bridge-between-en-scn"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Add Bridge between EN-SCN <a id="step-1-add-bridge-between-en-scn"></a>
```

@terrikwak Could you let us guide about the titles? "Add" vs "Adding"

Author: In other contexts, it is a verb form like Add.

> ## Step 1: Add Bridge between EN-SCN <a id="step-1-add-bridge-between-en-scn"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Adding a Bridge between EN-SCN <a id="step-1-adding-a-bridge-between-en-scn"></a>
```

> In the previous [Baobab connection](./en-scn-connection.md), if we define the EN node and the SCN node connected by a bridge as EN-01 and SCN-L2-01, respectively, in this section, we will add a bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, which is the part marked in blue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Connecting to Baobab](./en-scn-connection.md), we assume that the EN node and the SCN node already connected by a bridge as EN-01 and SCN-L2-01, respectively. in this section, we will add a bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, which is the part marked in blue. 
```

> In [Connecting to Baobab](./en-scn-connection.md), we assume that the EN node and the SCN node connected by a bridge as EN-01 and SCN-L2-01, respectively. In this section, we will add a bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, which is the part marked in blue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Connecting to Baobab](./en-scn-connection.md), we assume that the EN node and the SCN node connected by a bridge as EN-01 and SCN-L2-01, respectively. In this section, we will add another bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, which is the part marked in blue. 
```

Since it follows the same procedure, we will briefly explain.

![](../images/sc-ha-add-bridge.png)

> After building the new EN-02 node, set `SC_MAIN_BRIDGE` to 1 in `conf/kend.conf` and restart the EN-02 node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After building EN-02, set `SC_MAIN_BRIDGE` to 1 in `conf/kend.conf` and restart EN-02.
```

```console
SC_MAIN_BRIDGE=1
```

> Check KNI information of EN-02 node. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the KNI information of EN-02 by the following command:
```

```console

> $ ken attach --datadir ~/data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EN-02$ ken attach --datadir ~/data
```

> mainbridge.nodeInfo.kni
"kni://eb8f21df10c6562...25bae@[::]:50505?discport=0"
```

> Connect to SCN-L2-02 node, and create main-bridges.json.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Log in to SCN-L2-02, and create `main-bridges.json` with the KNI of EN-02.
```

```console
$ echo '["kni://eb8f21df10c6562...25bae@192.168.0.5:50505?discport=0"]' > ~/data/main-bridges.json
```

> From the SCN node's shell, edit `kscn-XXXXX-amd64/conf/kscnd.conf`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the shell of SCN-L2-02, edit `kscn-XXXXX-amd64/conf/kscnd.conf` as described below.
```

> $ echo '["kni://eb8f21df10c6562...25bae@192.168.0.5:50505?discport=0"]' > ~/data/main-bridges.json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SCN-L2-02$ echo '["kni://eb8f21df10c6562...25bae@192.168.0.5:50505?discport=0"]' > ~/data/main-bridges.json
```

To connect a bridge, set `SC_SUB_BRIDGE` to 1.
`SC_PARENT_CHAIN_ID` is set to Baobob's `chainID` 1001. 

> `SC_ANCHORING_PERIOD` is the parameter that decides the period to send an anchoring tx to the main chain. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SC_ANCHORING_PERIOD` is the parameter that decides the period to send an anchoring transaction to the parent chain. 
```

> `SC_ANCHORING_PERIOD` is the parameter that decides the period to send an anchoring transaction to the parent chain. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SC_ANCHORING_PERIOD` is the parameter that decides the period to send an anchoring transaction to the parent chain. In this example, an anchor transaction is submitted to the parent chain (Baobab) every 10 child blocks.
```

Author: I will add "In this example, an anchor transaction is submitted to the parent chain (Baobab) for every 10 child blocks."

```
...
SC_SUB_BRIDGE=1
...
SC_PARENT_CHAIN_ID=1001
...
SC_ANCHORING_PERIOD=10
...
```

> If you reboot EN node, a bridge is connected between the EN-02 and the SCN-L2-02 and data is anchored as shown in the figure below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you reboot EN-02, a bridge is connected automatically between the EN-02 and the SCN-L2-02 and data is anchored as shown in the figure below.
```

@nohkwak On which block the anchoring starts? From the point where the EN terminated or from the point where the connection is made?

Reviewer 2: Hmm? What does this mean here?

Author: I'll edit like this:

I will If you reboot EN-02, a bridge will be connected automatically between the EN-02 and the SCN-L2-02 and data  anchoring will start as shown in the figure below.

Reviewer 2: Do we really reboot EN-02 instead of restarting the process?

Author: Restart is correct, not reboot.
I'll edit the current document as well.

https://docs.klaytn.com/node/service-chain/getting-started/en-scn-connection

Author: Restart is correct, not reboot.
Including the part written as reboot in the existing document
I'll fix it with reboot -> restart throughout the tutorial.

Author: The value transfer document is currently under PR, so I will change the term reboot to restart later in that document.

> If you reboot EN-02, a bridge is connected automatically between the EN-02 and the SCN-L2-02 and data is anchored as shown in the figure below.

Reviewer 2: @nohkwak Since it is installed through tarball, is it support auto restart of kscn?

Author: No. As the contents are repeated, the reboot command is omitted for the sake of a brief summary. Do you think it is good to add it?

Reviewer 2: I'm just wondering we really need "reboot" instead of "restarting the process"?

> ![](../images/sc-ha-before-register.png)

Reviewer 2: Don't we need to have a description of the image?

```suggestion
After adding the bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, you can now see the connection between the nodes are established as shown in below.

![](../images/sc-ha-before-register.png)
```

## Step 2: Register and Subscribe to the Bridge Contract <a id="step-2-register-bridge-contract"></a>

> As shown in the figure above, only one bridge between EN-01 and SCN-L2-01 has registered a bridge contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As shown in the figure above, only one bridge between EN-01 and SCN-L2-01 has been registered as a bridge contract.
```

> ## Step 2: Register and Subscribe to the Bridge Contract <a id="step-2-register-bridge-contract"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Registering and Subscribing the Bridge Contract <a id="step-2-registering-and-subscribing-the-bridge-contract"></a>
```

> As shown in the figure above, only one bridge between EN-01 and SCN-L2-01 has been registered as a bridge contract.

Reviewer 2: EN-01 and SCN-L2-02 are node names.

```suggestion
As shown in the figure above, the bridge contract is registered only in EN-01 and SCN-L2-01.
```

Author: Thank you. Git pushed...

> Connect to the SCN-L2-02 console and run the APIs for bridge registration, bridge subscription, and token registration, which were created while deploying the Bridge Contract with EN-01 and SCN-L2-01 in step 2 of the previous section([link](./value-transfer.md)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect to the SCN-L2-02 console and run the APIs for bridge registration, bridge subscription, and token registration. The bridge and token contracts were created while deploying the Bridge Contract with EN-01 and SCN-L2-01 in step 2 of [Cross-Chain Value Transfer](./value-transfer.md).
```

```
$ kscn attach --datadir ~/data
> subbridge.registerBridge("0x5f093de8a1b1d32Fc4cF6F40357DCcD24453BAb3", "0xD1C4808960Fb4581b9A5B3B217b9a67057D84c19")
null
> subbridge.subscribeBridge("0x5f093de8a1b1d32Fc4cF6F40357DCcD24453BAb3", "0xD1C4808960Fb4581b9A5B3B217b9a67057D84c19")
null
> subbridge.registerToken("0x5f093de8a1b1d32Fc4cF6F40357DCcD24453BAb3", "0xD1C4808960Fb4581b9A5B3B217b9a67057D84c19", "0x96272131600EC7c64c45CE139C32F4919fBFaDC8", "0xc7858a153376764208e8F6B6B55B4a0792B67c3E")
null
```

> When registration is completed, a bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02 is added as shown in the figure below to configure HA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When registration is completed, a bridge contract is registered in both EN-02 and SCN-L2-02 as shown in the figure below.

Configuration HA is done.
```

> If only one bridge is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more pairs of bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains can still work normally through the other bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If only one bridge is used in the ServiceChain, that bridge can become a single point of failure. To solve this, we describe how you can build an HA system with two or more bridges. As shown in the figure below, configure the bridges to be connected in at least two pairs, so that even if there is a problem in one bridge connection, data anchoring and value transfer between chains can still work normally through the other bridge.
```

Do we need to define what the "bridge" is?

Author: Thank you. Git pushed...

Author: As for the definition of bridge... well... even if there is no specific definition, it seems that there is no difficulty in understanding from the context.

![](../images/sc-ha-arch.png)

## Prerequisites <a id="prerequisites"></a>
 - The main bridge of the EN node and the subbridge pair of the SCN node are connected. If it's not, please refer to [Baobab connection](./en-scn-connection.md)

>  - This section describes how to add a bridge between Baobab and a ServiceChain. In the same way, you can also set up HA by adding another bridge.

Reviewer 2: > This section describes how to add a bridge between Baobab and a ServiceChain.

This is the first page describing adding a bridge?

Author: So how about changing it like this?
This section describes how to add an "extra" bridge between Baobab and ServiceChain.

Reviewer 2: @nohkwak okay. looks good to me. Thanks.

## Step 1: Adding another Bridge between EN-SCN <a id="step-1-adding-another-bridge-between-en-scn"></a>

> In [Connecting to Baobab](./en-scn-connection.md), we assume that the EN node and the SCN node connected by a bridge as EN-01 and SCN-L2-01, respectively. In this section, we will add another bridge between EN-02 and SCN-L2-02, which is the part marked in blue. 

Reviewer 2: Please remove 'node' when it comes with "EN"
"EN node" = "endpoint node node"

Author: That's a good point. thank you.

Since it follows the same procedure, we will briefly explain.

![](../images/sc-ha-add-bridge.png)

> After building EN-02, set `SC_MAIN_BRIDGE` to 1 in `conf/kend.conf` and restart EN-02.

Reviewer 2: @nohkwak Don't we need to enable RPC_API='mainbridge'?

Author: In the previous section, when EN was activated as the main bridge, it was set, but the internal operation was not reviewed.

Author: There seems to be no 'mainbridge' option in kend.conf. 

RPC_API="klay,net,debug,eth" # available apis: admin,debug,klay,miner,net,personal,rpc,txpool,web3

> After building EN-02, set `SC_MAIN_BRIDGE` to 1 in `conf/kend.conf` and restart EN-02.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After building EN-02, set `SC_MAIN_BRIDGE` to 1 in `conf/kend.conf` and restart ken on EN-02.
```

Reviewer 2: Suddenly, I'm curious that what EN-02 refers to. Does it refer to a node? or a process?

Author: it refer Node.

Author: I also pused it

Reviewer 2: Yeah, then it seems like we need to specify the process ? like "ksen on EN-02"

Author: There is another expression same to 'restart EN-02', and it has changed.
